## Jan 22, 2025

### Sales

#### Enhancements

### Trade for Venues

#### Enhancements

### Ticketing widget

#### Enhancement

### Pay

#### A new Enviso application

Price rules:Venue users can now create multiple periods by adding exclusion days for the price rules.

Redeem voucher:Now the venue user can choose which product price should be used when redeeming a voucher - the relative price (which can be determined by a price rule) or a fixed price that is configured on the voucher offer.

Offer details:For each offer product, a minimum and maximum per ticket limitation can be defined, under the Basket setting in the offer details., is it now possible to configure the product limitations. This is supported in Direct selling API. Adding reservations to a basket will check the product limitations in the Direct selling API.

As a venue user, you candownload prebillsfor resellers for whomDirect paymentis configured as the payment method.

In such cases, the grand total (Payable) amount will bezeroas the reseller has already paid for all the orders at the time of order execution.

The venue user can now configure theDirect payment methodfor their reseller partners even if the venue has a Custom Adyen account.

A new variablehide-timeslot-endhas been added to the Ticketing widget. When set, this hides the time slot end time toshow only the slot start timein the widget.

The newPayapp has been created and can be enabled by contactingVintia supportfor venue users. The list of payments is made available as the landing page of this new app, which allows you to follow-up on new payments or search payments by its unique ID.

It is now possible to add 'Vipps' as a payment method (on the balanceplatform).

The documentation for the Pay app will be available soon.

[Prev](UUID-ce5d4a3e-26be-c255-34d4-8f306de002c1.html)

[Next](UUID-8137a4e0-1fca-0537-6f87-412f61307a16.html)

[](#)

[](#)

[](#)

[](#)

[](#)

[download prebills](https://help.vintia.com/enviso/en/136639-136881-consult-pre-bills.html)

[Direct payment](https://help.vintia.com/enviso/en/136639-1030408-configurations.html#136639-UUID-26979d5b-3a04-1dd7-3338-02d5057843b6_section-idm234680058850807-payment-method)

[Direct payment method](https://help.vintia.com/enviso/en/136639-1030408-configurations.html#136639-UUID-26979d5b-3a04-1dd7-3338-02d5057843b6_section-idm234680058850807-payment-method)

[](#)

[](#)

[](#)

[](#)

[Vintia support](https://vintia.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8)

[Prev](UUID-ce5d4a3e-26be-c255-34d4-8f306de002c1.html)

[Up](UUID-8c91cf65-b493-dafc-6b18-13d422537b92.html)

[Next](UUID-8137a4e0-1fca-0537-6f87-412f61307a16.html)

[Home](index-en.html)